Wargroove: Add Linux support to WargrooveClient (#4526)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/wargroove/docs/wargroove_en.md

## Required Files

- Wargroove with the Double Trouble DLC installed through Steam on Windows and Linux

>   - Only the Steam version on Windows and Linux is supported. MAC, Switch, Xbox, and Playstation are not supported.

Reviewer: imo this reads weird now, potentially use:
```suggestion
  - Only the Steam versions on Windows and Linux are supported. MAC, Switch, Xbox, and Playstation are not supported.
```

   - You may have to replace all single \\ with \\\\.
4. Start the Wargroove client.

## Linux Only: Select AppData equivalent when starting the client
1. Shut down Wargroove if it is open.

> 2. Start the ArchipelagoWargrooveClient.exe from the Archipelago installation.

Reviewer: as far as I know the Linux executables in the archipelago install are not .exe files, this may read better?
```suggestion
2. Run `ArchipelagoWargrooveClient` from the Archipelago installation.
```
